c:\users\fdechoudens\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMusicStore\MvcMusicStore\bin\MvcMusicStore.dll.config
c:\users\fdechoudens\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMusicStore\MvcMusicStore\bin\MvcMusicStore.dll
c:\users\fdechoudens\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMusicStore\MvcMusicStore\bin\MvcMusicStore.pdb
c:\users\fdechoudens\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMusicStore\MvcMusicStore\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\fdechoudens\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMusicStore\MvcMusicStore\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\fdechoudens\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMusicStore\MvcMusicStore\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\fdechoudens\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMusicStore\MvcMusicStore\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\fdechoudens\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMusicStore\MvcMusicStore\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\fdechoudens\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMusicStore\MvcMusicStore\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\fdechoudens\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMusicStore\MvcMusicStore\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\fdechoudens\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMusicStore\MvcMusicStore\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\fdechoudens\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMusicStore\MvcMusicStore\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\fdechoudens\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMusicStore\MvcMusicStore\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\fdechoudens\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMusicStore\MvcMusicStore\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\fdechoudens\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMusicStore\MvcMusicStore\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\fdechoudens\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMusicStore\MvcMusicStore\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\fdechoudens\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMusicStore\MvcMusicStore\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\fdechoudens\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMusicStore\MvcMusicStore\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\fdechoudens\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMusicStore\MvcMusicStore\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\fdechoudens\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMusicStore\MvcMusicStore\obj\Debug\MvcMusicStore.dll
c:\users\fdechoudens\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMusicStore\MvcMusicStore\obj\Debug\MvcMusicStore.pdb
c:\users\fdechoudens\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMusicStore\MvcMusicStore\obj\Debug\MvcMusicStore.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
